Update Replay images to reflect new layout (#8575)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/session-replay/replay-details.mdx

* **Breadcrumbs:** The replay breadcrumbs show when key user interactions took place, specifically: user clicks (including rage and dead clicks), user inputs, [page navigations, page loads](/product/performance/transaction-summary/#what-is-a-transaction), as well as [custom breadcrumbs](/product/sentry-basics/integrate-backend/configuration-options/#breadcrumbs) set by the organization and the [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/product/performance/web-vitals/#largest-contentful-paint-lcp) web vital. User clicks (including rage and dead clicks), are augmented with surrounding HTML source code to help users understand which event was targeted. These breadcrumbs are synced with the replay player and will auto-scroll as the video plays.
  - Some [breadcrumb types](/product/issues/issue-details/breadcrumbs/) visible in **Issue Details** are not 1:1 to the replay breadcrumbs list. The trail of events typically seen in the Issue Details page are now displayed in the Console and Network components of the **Replay Details** page.

> - **Timeline:** This is the section at the bottom of the **Replay Details** page that illustrates where significant events (such as errors, rage clicks, and user interactions) happen over the course of the replay. This allows users to easily scrub to key events by dragging across the timeline. It also visually conveys the amount of time that took place between events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Timeline:** This is the section at the bottom of the **Replay Details** page that illustrates where significant events (such as errors, rage clicks, and user interactions) happen over the course of the replay. This allows users to easily scrub to key events by dragging across the timeline. It also visually conveys the amount of time that took place between events and has zoom functionality to easily distinguish between events that are near in time.
```

> - **Timeline:** This is the section at the bottom of the **Replay Details** page that illustrates where significant events (such as errors, rage clicks, and user interactions) happen over the course of the replay. This allows users to easily scrub to key events by dragging across the timeline. It also visually conveys the amount of time that took place between events and has zoom functionality to easily distinguish between events that are near in time.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Timeline:** This is the section at the bottom of the **Replay Details** page that illustrates where significant events (such as errors, rage clicks, and user interactions) happen over the course of the replay. This allows users to easily scrub to key events by dragging across the timeline. It also visually conveys the amount of time that took place between events and has a zoom functionality so you can easily zoom-in to distinguish between events that happen close together.
```

* **Breadcrumbs:** The replay breadcrumbs show when key user interactions took place, specifically: user clicks (including rage and dead clicks), user inputs, [page navigations, page loads](/product/performance/transaction-summary/#what-is-a-transaction), as well as [custom breadcrumbs](/product/sentry-basics/integrate-backend/configuration-options/#breadcrumbs) set by the organization and the [Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)](/product/performance/web-vitals/#largest-contentful-paint-lcp) web vital. User clicks (including rage and dead clicks), are augmented with surrounding HTML source code to help users understand which event was targeted. These breadcrumbs are synced with the replay player and will auto-scroll as the video plays.
  - Some [breadcrumb types](/product/issues/issue-details/breadcrumbs/) visible in **Issue Details** are not 1:1 to the replay breadcrumbs list. The trail of events typically seen in the Issue Details page are now displayed in the Console and Network components of the **Replay Details** page.

> - **Timeline:** This is the section at the top of the **Replay Details** page that illustrates where significant events (such as errors, rage clicks, and user interactions) happen over the course of the replay. This allows users to easily scrub to key events by dragging across the timeline. It also visually conveys the amount of time that took place between events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Timeline:** This is the section at the bottom of the **Replay Details** page that illustrates where significant events (such as errors, rage clicks, and user interactions) happen over the course of the replay. This allows users to easily scrub to key events by dragging across the timeline. It also visually conveys the amount of time that took place between events.
```
Maybe we can mention that you can zoom into the timeline too?

Author: @c298lee Yes, please leave a commit suggestion for that!
